Migrate templates to vite (#117)
etn-ccis/blui-react-cli-templates: README.md

[![Build](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-cli-templates/actions/workflows/blui-ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-cli-templates/actions/workflows/blui-ci.yml)

# React + TypeScript + Vite Templates

These are project templates that are used for starting a new Brightlayer UI project. The templates are configured with the basic Brightlayer UI libraries for themes and components and configures the application to use them.

## Available Templates

### Blank

> The [Blank template](./templates/blank-typescript/README.md) provides a bare-bones application with Brightlayer UI components and themes automatically configured and ready to use.

Reviewer: Links should be full paths to github so that they will work when viewed on NPM (relative links will not work).

## Usage

> You can use these templates with the Brightlayer-UI NPM starter package:

Reviewer: I don't know what 'NPM starter package' means. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
You can use these templates with the `@brightlayer-ui/create-blui-react-app` package:
```

You may also want to show how to do it with yarn since that is still our preferred package manager.

```sh

> npx -p @brightlayer-ui/create-blui-react-app

Reviewer: Don't you need to specify the command here after the package? Or should we remove the -p flag since the command is the same as the package (not sure if that works for a scoped package).
